README.md, before:

# SkBee

**SkBee** is a [**Skript**](https://github.com/SkriptLang/Skript) addon that aims to add more useful elements to Skript.

This is a fork of the original [skBee](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee) by ShaneBeee that is being maintained by the Skript Hub team as a maintenance fork. This means that no new features will be added to skBee, but it will be updated as need to support new versions of Minecraft and Skript. Bug fix PR's will be accepted, but PR's for new feature will not.

## Elements
This is only a small list of the many things included
- **NBT elements** get/set NBT of items, blocks (tile entities) and entities. (Available for 1.8.8+)
- **ScoreBoards** super-duper simple anti-flicker scoreboards (Available on 1.13+)
- **Recipes** add custom recipes and remove vanilla recipes (Available on 1.13+)
- **BlockData** get/set block data with ease (Available on 1.13+)
- **Structures** use vanilla Minecraft's structure system for saving/pasting structures in your world
- **Particles** a particle system that is a little more advanced than Skript's, that is more inline with Bukkit's particle system
- **TextComponents** a system a little more advanced than Skript's text formatting. You can build text components and manipulate each one separately with things like hover events (including showing an item), click events, and much more.
- **WorldCreator** create your own custom worlds with some handly little options
- **Bounds** create your own simple bounds similarly to WorldGuard regions
- **GameEvents** use Minecraft's GameEvent system, which was created for Skulk Sensors. This system adds more events to the server than were previously available

## Wiki
See the [**Wiki**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/wiki) for more detailed info on syntaxes

## Docs
[![SkriptHubViewTheDocs](http://skripthub.net/static/addon/ViewTheDocsButton.png)](http://skripthub.net/docs/?addon=SkBee)

## [**JavaDocs**](https://shanebeee.github.io/docs/SkBee/)

## <ins>Outdated</ins>
Are you running an <ins>**outdated**</ins> version of Minecraft and looking for an <ins>**outdated**</ins> build of SkBee that will work on your <ins>**outdated**</ins> server? Well look no further, here is a list of <ins>**outdated**</ins> builds of SkBee for your <ins>**outdated**</ins> server.
Keep in mind, these <ins>**outdated**</ins> builds for <ins>**outdated**</ins> servers are not supported and you will not get support/bug fixes, because they're <ins>**outdated**</ins>!

### <ins>Skript 2.6.4 (and below)</ins>
Due to changes in Skript 2.7's API, SkBee 3.0.0+ will only work on Skript 2.7+
If you need SkBee to work on an older version of Skript this is the last version that will work:
[**SkBee 2.18.4**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/2.18.4)
(Just like any other <ins>**outdated**</ins> build, this one is no longer supported)

### <ins>1.18.2</ins>
[**SkBee 3.5.9**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/3.5.9)
### <ins>1.17.1</ins>
[**SkBee 2.11.0**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/2.11.0)
### <ins>1.16.5</ins>
[**SkBee 1.15.3**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/1.15.3)
### <ins>1.15.2</ins>
[**SkBee 1.12.4**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/1.12.4)
### <ins>1.12.2 (and below)</ins>
[**SkBee 1.10.3**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/1.10.3)

Commit message:

README.md - update regarding Skript version

README.md, after:

# SkBee

**SkBee** is a [**Skript**](https://github.com/SkriptLang/Skript) addon that aims to add more useful elements to Skript.

This is a fork of the original [skBee](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee) by ShaneBeee that is being maintained by the Skript Hub team as a maintenance fork. This means that no new features will be added to skBee, but it will be updated as need to support new versions of Minecraft and Skript. Bug fix PR's will be accepted, but PR's for new feature will not.

## Elements
This is only a small list of the many things included
- **NBT elements** get/set NBT of items, blocks (tile entities) and entities. (Available for 1.8.8+)
- **ScoreBoards** super-duper simple anti-flicker scoreboards (Available on 1.13+)
- **Recipes** add custom recipes and remove vanilla recipes (Available on 1.13+)
- **BlockData** get/set block data with ease (Available on 1.13+)
- **Structures** use vanilla Minecraft's structure system for saving/pasting structures in your world
- **Particles** a particle system that is a little more advanced than Skript's, that is more inline with Bukkit's particle system
- **TextComponents** a system a little more advanced than Skript's text formatting. You can build text components and manipulate each one separately with things like hover events (including showing an item), click events, and much more.
- **WorldCreator** create your own custom worlds with some handly little options
- **Bounds** create your own simple bounds similarly to WorldGuard regions
- **GameEvents** use Minecraft's GameEvent system, which was created for Skulk Sensors. This system adds more events to the server than were previously available

## Wiki
See the [**Wiki**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/wiki) for more detailed info on syntaxes

## Docs
[![SkriptHubViewTheDocs](http://skripthub.net/static/addon/ViewTheDocsButton.png)](http://skripthub.net/docs/?addon=SkBee)

## [**JavaDocs**](https://shanebeee.github.io/docs/SkBee/)

## <ins>Outdated</ins>
Are you running an <ins>**outdated**</ins> version of Minecraft and looking for an <ins>**outdated**</ins> build of SkBee that will work on your <ins>**outdated**</ins> server? Well look no further, here is a list of <ins>**outdated**</ins> builds of SkBee for your <ins>**outdated**</ins> server.
Keep in mind, these <ins>**outdated**</ins> builds for <ins>**outdated**</ins> servers are not supported and you will not get support/bug fixes, because they're <ins>**outdated**</ins>!

### <ins>Skript 2.9.5 (and below)</ins>
Due to changes in Skript 2.10's API, SkBee 3.7.0+ will only work on Skript 2.10+
If you need SkBee to work on an older version of Skript this is the last version that will work:
[**SkBee 3.6.6**](https://github.com/SkriptHub/SkBee/releases/tag/3.6.6)
(Just like any other <ins>**outdated**</ins> build, this one is no longer supported)

### <ins>Skript 2.6.4 (and below)</ins>
Due to changes in Skript 2.7's API, SkBee 3.0.0+ will only work on Skript 2.7+
If you need SkBee to work on an older version of Skript this is the last version that will work:
[**SkBee 2.18.4**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/2.18.4)
(Just like any other <ins>**outdated**</ins> build, this one is no longer supported)

### <ins>1.18.2</ins>
[**SkBee 3.5.9**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/3.5.9)
### <ins>1.17.1</ins>
[**SkBee 2.11.0**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/2.11.0)
### <ins>1.16.5</ins>
[**SkBee 1.15.3**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/1.15.3)
### <ins>1.15.2</ins>
[**SkBee 1.12.4**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/1.12.4)
### <ins>1.12.2 (and below)</ins>
[**SkBee 1.10.3**](https://github.com/ShaneBeee/SkBee/releases/tag/1.10.3)
